All of you.
She knows Lin Wenwen better than I do
What is the character of this child?
leader
This little girl is really a rare good seedling
Such a dragon gate noble son is rare
You must be able to get out of the mountain
Go global
Become a dragon and a phoenix among people
Glory to the country
That's really nice.
He has a gift
Can endure hardship
Such a kid!
I will definitely be able to break out in the future
Snatch 250 kg
Stop lifting 300 kilograms
Total weight 550 kg
This result?
Far more than the world champion
If nothing else happens
Lin Wenwen participated in the Olympic Games this time
Must win the world championship?
I didn't expect it.
The world champion will actually be in our Beiyang
Born in a small mountain village in the city
Lin Wenwen did not temporarily order it.
It's not even formal learning.
It's hard to imagine how he has been on his own all these years
Experienced and grown
It's not easy, huh?
Ten years of hard work
severe cold and heat
Finally got over it
He is the pride of your Beiyang City
It is also the pride of our Hezhong Province
Hey, Xiao Zhang
Please be sure to solve his life and that of his family
He is ahead
Charge for our country
We're in the back.
We must solve his worries.
Please rest assured.
I will definitely complete the task.
Take good care of Lin Wenwen and her family
That's good. That's good.
Hey, it's almost time
Isn't it time for the fact conference to start?
10 minutes left
Leaders, wait a moment.
I'm going to walk around the scene
Everything is ready
Let's go in and watch the ceremony. Okay?